# SDLCRepository

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Meetings with the client and end user focus groups give a good idea of what the client/users want and expect from the program. After this information gathering, the information is processed into user stories; brief, single item statements that explain what some part of the program should do or how it should behave. Those user stories are then made into test cases in Test-Driven Development (TDD) environments. The code is then developed or refactored to pass those test cases. The resulting program is shared again with the client, beginning this loop again, until the final program meets the client's needs completely.

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
At this stage in my education and coding journey, I usually decide what I want my program to look like, outline it on paper, write up some pseudocode, and write my program. I am still very much a beginner though. One thing I particularly liked while we were studying was the Jira software development tool; I am going to get the free version of it and do my planning there, as it will help me keep things organized and give me some experience with the tool. Obviously it is designed with full Agile teams in mind, and I will be working alone, but it will still be quite helpful. The built-in Kanban boards should help keep my tasks organized. I currently wish to pursue a career in software development, so there are a lot of agile processes in my future.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member is respectful of his fellow teammates' time. He manages his own time wisely and maximizes his efforts towards the team goal in each sprint. He comes to work on time, performs his duties to the best of his ability, and collaborates with his peers. Good communication skills and good social skills go a long way toward being a good member of a team. He asks for help when he needs it, gives help when asked for it, and always places team goals above personal goals.
